Rework of Stark module and workflow (#1236)
Qiskit-Extensions/qiskit-experiments: docs/manuals/characterization/stark_experiment.rst

the height of this GaussianSquare flat-top.

Workflow
--------

> In this example, you'll learn how to measure a spectrum of qubit relaxation property
> with fixed frequency transmons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll learn how to measure a spectrum of qubit relaxation versus
frequency with fixed frequency transmons.
```

As you already know, we give an offset to the qubit frequency with a Stark tone,
and the workflow starts from characterizing the amount of the Stark shift against
the Stark amplitude :math:`\bar{\Omega}` that you can experimentally control.

.. jupyter-input::

    from qiskit_experiments.library.driven_freq_tuning import StarkRamseyXYAmpScan

    exp = StarkRamseyXYAmpScan((0,), backend=backend)
    exp_data = exp.run().block_for_results()
    coefficients = exp_data.analysis_results("stark_coefficients").value

You first need to run the :class:`.StarkRamseyXYAmpScan` experiment that scans :math:`\bar{\Omega}`
and estimates the amount of the resultant frequency shift.
This experiment fits the frequency shift to a polynomial model which is a function of :math:`\bar{\Omega}`.
You can obtain the :class:`.StarkCoefficients` object that contains

> all polynomial coefficients to map and reverse-map the :math:`\bar{\Omega}` to corresponding frequency value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all polynomial coefficients to map and reverse-map the :math:`\bar{\Omega}` to a corresponding frequency value.
```

you may want to save the coefficient values and load them later when you run the experiment.
If you have an access to the Experiment service, you can just save the experiment result.

.. jupyter-input::

    exp_data.save()

.. jupyter-output::

    You can view the experiment online at https://quantum.ibm.com/experiments/23095777-be28-4036-9c98-89d3a915b820

Otherwise, you can dump the coefficient object into a file with JSON format.

.. jupyter-input::

    import json
    from qiskit_experiments.framework import ExperimentEncoder

    with open("coefficients.json", "w") as fp:
        json.dump(ret_coeffs, fp, cls=ExperimentEncoder)

The saved object can be retrieved either from the service or file, as follows.

.. jupyter-input::

    # When you have access to Experiment service
    from qiskit_experiments.library.driven_freq_tuning import retrieve_coefficients_from_backend

    coefficients = retrieve_coefficients_from_backend(backend, (0,))

    # Alternatively you can load from file
    from qiskit_experiments.framework import ExperimentDecoder

    with open("coefficients.json", "r") as fp:
        coefficients = json.load(fp, cls=ExperimentDecoder)

> Now you can measure the spectrum of qubit relaxation property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can measure the qubit relaxation spectrum.
```

The :class:`.StarkP1Spectroscopy` experiment also scans :math:`\bar{\Omega}`,
but instead of measuring the frequency shift, it measures the excited state population P1
after certain delay, :code:`t1_delay` in the experiment options, following the state population.
You can scan the :math:`\bar{\Omega}` values either in the "frequency" or "amplitude" domain,

> but the :code:`stark_coefficients` options must be set when you prefer the frequency sweep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but the :code:`stark_coefficients` option must be set to perform the frequency sweep.
```

.. jupyter-input::

    from qiskit_experiments.library.driven_freq_tuning import StarkP1Spectroscopy

    exp = StarkP1Spectroscopy((0,), backend=backend)

    exp.set_experiment_options(
        t1_delay=20e-6,
        min_xval=-20e6,
        max_xval=20e6,
        xval_type="frequency",
        spacing="linear",
        stark_coefficients=coefficients,
    )

    exp_data = exp.run().block_for_results()

> You may find notches in the P1 spectrum, which may indicate the existence of TLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find notches in the P1 spectrum, which may indicate the existence of TLS's
```

in the vicinity of your qubit drive frequency.

.. jupyter-input::

    exp_data.figure(0)

.. image:: ./stark_experiment_example.png

> Note that this experiment doesn't yield any analysis result because a landscape of P1 spectrum
> is hardly predicted due to random occurrence of the TLS or frequency collision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this experiment doesn't yield any analysis result because the landscape of a P1 spectrum
can not be predicted due to the random occurrences of the TLS and frequency collisions.
```

> If you have own protocol to extract meaningful quantities from the data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have your own protocol to extract meaningful quantities from the data,
```

> you can write a custom analysis class and give it to the experiment instance before execution.

Reviewer: You just need a subclass that uses the `_run_spect_analysis` hook, right?

```suggestion
you can write a custom analysis subclass and give it to the experiment instance before execution.
```

Author: Yes!
